How to upload test results to RefStack
======================================

RefStack allows test results contributors to submit test results and
have them displayed either anonymously, or identified with a vendor. As
such, test results should be uploaded with validated users. Users will
first log into RefStack with their OpenStack ID to upload their public
keys. RefStack test results can then be uploaded to RefStack using the
corresponding private key. By default, the uploaded data isn't shared,
but authorized users can decide to share the results with the community
anonymously.

The following is a quick guide outlining the steps needed to upload your
first set of test results.

Register an OpenStack ID
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The RefStack server uses OpenStack OpenID for user authentication.
Therefore, the RefStack server requires that anyone who wants to upload
test data to have an OpenStack ID. As you click on the Sign In/Sign Up
link on the RefStack pages, you will be redirected to the official
OpenStack user log in page where you can either log in with your
OpenStack ID or register for one. The registration page can also be
found directly through: https://www.openstack.org/join/register.

Generate ssh keys locally
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You will need to generate ssh keys locally. If your operating system is
a Linux distro, then you can use the following instructions.

First check for existing keys with command:

-  ``ls -al ~/.ssh``

If you see you already have existing public and private keys that you
want to use, you can skip this step; otherwise:

-  ``ssh-keygen -m PEM -t rsa -b 4096 -C "youropenstackid"``

The 'youropenstackid' string is the username you chose when you
registered for your OpenStack ID account. Enter the file name in which
to save the key (/home/you/.ssh/id\_rsa), then press enter. You will be
asked to enter a passphrase. Just press enter again as passphrase
protected keys currently aren't supported. Your ssh keys will then be
generated.

Sign Key with RefStack Client
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

\*\* IMPORTANT \*\* You must have the RefStack client on you computer to
complete this step.

Generate a signature for your public key using your private key with
`refstack-client <https://github.com/openstack/refstack-client>`__

-  ``./refstack-client sign /path-of-sshkey-folder/key-file-name``

The '/path-of-sshkey-folder' string is the path of the folder where the
generated ssh keys are stored locally. The 'key-file-name' portion
refers to the private key file name. If the command runs correctly,
there will be output like below:

::

    Public key:
    ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAADAQABAAACAQDSGo2xNDcII1ZaM3H2uKh3iXBzvKIOa5W/5HxKF23yrzwho7nR7td0kgFtZ/4fe0zmkkUuKdUhOACCD3QVyi1N5wIhKAYN1fGt0/305jk7VJ+yYhUPlvo...

    Self signature:
    19c28fc07e3fbe1085578bd6db2f1f75611dcd2ced068a2195bbca60ae98af7e27faa5b6968c3c5aef58b3fa91bae3df3...

Upload the ssh public key and the signature
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Sign into https://refstack.openstack.org with your OpenStack ID. Click
the "Profile" link in the upper right corner. Now click the "Import
public key" button on your profile page. A popup window with two entry
fields will appear. Just copy and paste the key and signature generated
in the previous step into the corresponding textboxes.

Note that the literal strings 'Public key:' and 'Self signature:' from
the refstack-client "sign" command output should not be copied/pasted
into the text boxes. Otherwise you will get an error like:

-  ``Bad Request Request doesnt correspond to schema``

Once complete, click the 'Import public key' button.

Upload the test result with refstack-client
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  ``./refstack-client upload /path_to_testresult_json_file  --url https://refstack.openstack.org/api -i  ~/.ssh/id_rsa``

\*\* NOTE \*\* Users may need to add the '--insecure' optional argument
to the command string if certificate validation issues occur when
uploading test result. To use with insecure:

-  ``./refstack-client upload --insecure /path_to_testresult_json_file  --url https://refstack.openstack.org/api -i  ~/.ssh/id_rsa``

- The ``path_to_testresult_json_file`` here is the json file of your test result.

- By default, it's in ``.tempest/.stestr/<test-run-number>.json`` where refstack-client runs from.

- Here '' is a serial number that matches its corresponding subunit file name.

- If the command runs correctly, there will be output like below:

::

    Test results will be uploaded to https://refstack.openstack.org/api. Ok? (yes/y): y
    Test results uploaded!
    URL: https://refstack.openstack.org/#/results/88a1e6f4-707d-4627-b658-b14b7e6ba70d.

You can find your uploaded test results by clicking the 'My Results'
link on the RefStack website.

